Document GHC-08838 (#543)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-08838/WrongDoBind/index.md

> 
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

title: Double return
---

> In this example, there is a nested return which is not bound. Therefore the computation `return 10` is not used and can be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, there is a nested return whose result is not bound to a variable. Therefore the computation `return 10` is not used and can be removed.
```
